Replace DAG factory references with gusty in Dynamic DAGs and SQL guide (#2034)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-sql.md

Note that while this example is specific to Snowflake, the concepts apply to any database you might be using. If a transfer operator doesn't exist for your specific source and destination tools, you can always write your own (and maybe contribute it back to the Airflow project)!

### Example 4: Use gusty

If you're unfamiliar with Airflow or Python, you can use [gusty](https://github.com/chriscardillo/gusty) to generate DAGs directly from your SQL code.

> Once you've installed gusty in your Airflow environment, you can add a YAML statement on top of your SQL file specifying which operator to use, operator parameters and task dependencies.

Reviewer: Same comment here on `gusty` vs gusty.

> Once you've installed gusty in your Airflow environment, you can add a YAML statement on top of your SQL file specifying which operator to use, operator parameters and task dependencies.

Reviewer: Link here to how to install gusty? Don't think we should say you need to install it without describing how to do so or linking to other docs

Author: Yeah I agree. There are no docs on how to install gusty since it is justs a pip package, but I can add the same sentence I had in the other guide :)

The example below shows how to turn a simple SQL statement into an Airflow task using the PostgresOperator with the `postgres_default` connection ID. This SQL file `task_1.sql` defines a task that will only run once `task_0` of the same DAG has completed successfully.

```SQL
---
operator: airflow.providers.postgres.operators.postgres.PostgresOperator
conn_id: postgres_default
dependencies: ["task_0"]
---

SELECT column_1
FROM table_2;
```

Add your modified SQL files within a gusty directory structure:

```text
.
└── dags
    ├── my_gusty_dags
    │   ├── my_dag_1
    │   │   ├── METADATA.yaml
    │   │   ├── task_0.sql
    │   │   └── task_1.sql
    └── creating_gusty_dags.py
```

> View the [gusty section in the Dynamically generate DAGs in Airflow](dynamically-generating-dags.md#tools-for-dynamically-creating-dags) guide or the gusty documentation for example code for the `METADATA.yaml` and `creating_gusty_dags.py` files.

Author: Good point. I linked the example code sections from the gusty Readme.

### Example 4: Use gusty

If you're unfamiliar with Airflow or Python, you can use [gusty](https://github.com/chriscardillo/gusty) to generate DAGs directly from your SQL code.

You can install `gusty` in your Airflow environment by running `pip install gusty` from your command line. Astro CLI users can use the package by adding `gusty` to your `requirements.txt` file.  

Once you've installed `gusty` in your Airflow environment, you can turn your SQL files into Airflow tasks by adding YAML instructions specifying which operator to use and operator-level parameters at the start of the SQL file. 

The example below shows how to turn a simple SQL statement into an Airflow task using the PostgresOperator with the `postgres_default` connection ID. This SQL file `task_1.sql` defines a task that will only run once `task_0` of the same DAG has completed successfully.

```SQL
---
operator: airflow.providers.postgres.operators.postgres.PostgresOperator
conn_id: postgres_default

> dependencies: ["task_0"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dependencies: 
    - task_0
```

A nicer way to list dependencies?

Note that while this example is specific to Snowflake, the concepts apply to any database you might be using. If a transfer operator doesn't exist for your specific source and destination tools, you can always write your own (and maybe contribute it back to the Airflow project)!

### Example 4: Use gusty

If you're unfamiliar with Airflow or Python, you can use [gusty](https://github.com/chriscardillo/gusty) to generate DAGs directly from your SQL code.

> You can install `gusty` in your Airflow environment by running `pip install gusty` from your command line. Astro CLI users can use the package by adding `gusty` to your `requirements.txt` file.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can install `gusty` in your Airflow environment by running `pip install gusty` from your command line. If you use the Astro CLI, you can alternatively add `gusty` to your Astro project `requirements.txt` file.  
```
